Team Group Reflection

The consensus among “Meme-Team” members is that everyone got along really well. We all believed we became good friends, which
lead to a great group dynamic and team chemistry. Michael noted that the group understood when we had time for “fun and games,”
and when we knew we had to focus on the task at hand. Thomas believed as a group, we would actively communicate with each other
whilst having a solid understanding of each other’s skillsets, which made it easy to delegate out tasks. Everyone seemed to have
a similar understanding that we all had personal lives and commitments we had to attend outside of this project. We all
communicated well and put things out to a group vote of when we could organize meetings and complete tasks.

We all noted that improvement had to be made in group meetings in the future, particularly not going off-topic. Brent explained
that a clear agenda or detailed list of upcoming tasks could have been made beforehand, with further discussion focused on that
rather than filling the required times with general chat. Although having a professional image in the workplace is a valuable
asset, according to Leonard’s opinion, our relaxed nature in team meetings allowed us to function better.

It was stated through multiple reflections that such high levels of communication in our first project together were surprising.
This, in turn, allowed for a better understanding of each other’s strengths and weaknesses and worked fittingly around them.
Thomas, who generally finds it difficult to work in team environments, was surprised by how well the team allowed him time and
respect to input his information.  Brent said that he was surprised how well the Meme-Team got along so well, which Lochlann
reiterated by claiming we worked well without any disputes, personal clashes, or arguments.

Overall, we learned that group dynamics vary greatly between team members. Steven explained that it was challenging to organize
different tasks and roles as a group. People have different opinions, different skillsets, lives, and commitments outside of the
project. There will always be unforeseen circumstances that arise during unexpected times, and he stated that each person has
their own unique way of dealing with these problems. Brent’s opinion was that equal contribution toward the assignment was
impossible and that certain members carried a greater output over the course of the assignment. It is not that this is a bad
thing or that anyone was holding the group back, as all workplaces have employees who naturally accomplish a big workload. He
said that to remain level headed, he would focus on what he could do as an individual to contribute to the team, rather than
worrying about what anyone else was contributing.

The Meme-Team's collaboration via Github worked very well for us. Steve had the greatest contributions as he was the predominant coder of our group. Brent uploaded many meeting minutes, so Github's contributions were slightly exaggerated as Github measures of Lines contributed rather than Words. This platform allowed us to access different forms and files when working together easily, making building the website easy to copy/paste snippets of information. While the contributor's page on Github is a handy feature, it doesn't fully show the team's whole contributions behind the scenes. The graph contribution information doesn't represent time and research put into the information uploaded. 

In summary, each team member was definitely happy with the overall results of the project. We all had a great time working with
each other. However, it was stressful; we still managed to keep things together, stay focused, and have fun achieving a great
finished outcome.
